feat(curriculum): add pricing plan lab to FSD cert (#62562)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lab-pricing-plans-layout/68e45a2b4ab9b2f48b1cc6df.md

   - One of your `div` elements should have the class `premium-plan` in addition to the `pricing-card` class.
3. Each of your `.pricing-card` elements should use Flexbox to stack its content in a column and justify the space between the children using `space-between`. Each element should also set the `flex` property to `0 0 200px` to give it a consistent width and prevent it from growing or shrinking in the layout.
4. The `basic-plan` element should appear first in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.
5. The `pro-plan` element should appear second in the layout. You should use the `order` property and set its `flex-grow` property to `2` so it takes up more space than the other plans.
6. The `premium-plan` element should come last in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.

**Note:** Be sure to link your stylesheet in your HTML and apply your CSS.

# --hints--

You should have a `h1` element with the text `Pricing Plans`

```js
const h1 = document.querySelector('h1');
assert.exists(h1);
assert.equal(h1.textContent, 'Pricing Plans', 'The h1 has the text Pricing Plans');
```

> You should have three `div` elements with the class `pricing-card`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have three `div` elements with the class `pricing-card`.
```

```js
const div = document.querySelectorAll('div.pricing-card');
assert.exists(div);
assert.lengthOf(div, 3, 'There are 3 div elements with the class pricing-card');
```

You should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-card` and `basic-plan`

```js
const div = document.querySelector('div.pricing-card.basic-plan');
assert.exists(div);
```

You should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-card` and `premium-plan`

```js
const div = document.querySelector('div.pricing-card.premium-plan');
assert.exists(div);
```

> You should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-card` and `pro-plan`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-card` and `pro-plan`.
```

```js
const div = document.querySelector('div.pricing-card.pro-plan');
assert.exists(div);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Pricing Plans Layout Page</title>
  </head>
  <body></body>
</html>
```

```css

```

> # --solutions--

Reviewer: When I view the demo project, the layout seems off here. 

<img width="924" height="623" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-14 at 4 06 01 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4325c654-1d8d-4aab-a676-c6c5f07daa27" />

We should change it to something like this down below for larger screens. and then smaller screens can still be in a column

<img width="922" height="559" alt="Screenshot 2025-10-14 at 4 08 04 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/29c0b956-793b-4a4f-9077-d9a5decf0799" />

Author: Working on this now

---
id: 68e45a2b4ab9b2f48b1cc6df

> title: Step 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Design a Pricing Plans Layout Page
```

> challengeType: 0
> dashedName: step-1
> # demoType can either be 'onClick' or 'onLoad'. If the project or lab doesn't have a preview, delete the property
> demoType: onClick

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
challengeType: 25
dashedName: design-a-pricing-plans-layout-page
demoType: onClick
```

---

# --description--

step 1 instructions

# --hints--

Test 1

```js

```

> # --seed--
> 
> ## --seed-contents--
> 
> ```html
> --fcc-editable-region--
> 
> --fcc-editable-region--
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```html

```

```css

```

# --solutions--

```html

```

```css

```

````

4. The `basic-plan` element should appear first in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.
5. The `pro-plan` element should appear second in the layout. You should use the `order` property and set its `flex-grow` property to `2` so it takes up more space than the other plans.
6. The `premium-plan` element should come last in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.

**Note:** Be sure to link your stylesheet in your HTML and apply your CSS.

# --hints--

You should have a `h1` element with the text `Pricing Plans`.

```js
const h1 = document.querySelector('h1');
assert.strictEqual(h1.textContent, 'Pricing Plans', 'The h1 has the text Pricing Plans');
```

You should have three `div` elements with the class `pricing-card`.

```js
const div = document.querySelectorAll('.pricing-card');
assert.lengthOf(div, 3, 'There are 3 div elements with the class pricing-card');
```

You should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-card` and `basic-plan`.

```js
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-card.basic-plan');
assert.strictEqual(div.tagName, 'DIV');
assert.isTrue(div.classList.contains('basic-plan'), 'The div contains the basic-plan class');

> assert.isTrue(div.classList.contains('pricing-card'), 'The div contains the pricing-card class');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-card.basic-plan');

assert.strictEqual(div?.tagName, 'DIV');
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('basic-plan'));
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pricing-card'));
```

```js
const helper = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document);
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.pricing-card').getPropVal('flex'), '0 0 200px');
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.pricing-card').getPropVal('flex-direction'), 'column');
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.pricing-card').getPropVal('display'), 'flex');
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.pricing-card').getPropVal('justify-content'), 'space-between');
```

The `basic-plan` element should be the first element in the layout.

```js
const helper = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document);
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.basic-plan').getPropVal('order'), '0');
```

The `pro-plan` element should be the second element in the layout and have a `flex-grow` property.

```js
const helper = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document);
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.pro-plan').getPropVal('order'), '1');
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.pro-plan').getPropVal('flex-grow'), '2');

> ```

Reviewer: this should be broken up into two sepeate tests and hints

- one test and hint for the order
- one test and hint for the flex grow

also the hint right now doesn't mention it should be set to 2. the directions say that but the hint doesn't

---
id: 68e45a2b4ab9b2f48b1cc6df
title: Design a Pricing Plans Layout Page
challengeType: 25
dashedName: design-a-pricing-plans-layout-page
demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories**

1. Your page should have a `h1` element with the text `Pricing Plans`.
2. Your page should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-container`.

>     - It should have a `display` property and the `flex` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `div` element should have a `display` property with the value of `flex`.
```

>     - It should have a `flex-wrap` property and the `wrap` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `div` element should have a `flex-wrap` property with the value of `wrap`.
```

9. Your `premium-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$29/month`.
10. Each of your `.pricing-card` elements should use Flexbox to stack its content in a column and justify the space between the children using `space-between`. Each element should also set the `flex` property to `0 0 200px` to give it a consistent width and prevent it from growing or shrinking in the layout. Each element should set the `border` property to `2px solid black` to see how the different cards take up space.
11. The `basic-plan` element should appear first in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.
12. The `pro-plan` element should appear second in the layout. You should use the `order` property and set its `flex-grow` property to `2` so it takes up more space than the other plans.
13. The `premium-plan` element should come last in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.

**Note:** Be sure to link your stylesheet in your HTML and apply your CSS.

# --hints--

Your `h1` element should contain the text `Pricing Plans`.

```js
const h1 = document.querySelector('h1');
assert.strictEqual(h1?.textContent, 'Pricing Plans');
```

> Your `div` element should contain the class `pricing-container`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `div` element should have the class `pricing-container`.
```

```js
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-container');

> assert.strictEqual(div?.tagName, 'DIV');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
assert.exists(document.querySelector('h1 + div.pricing-container'));
```

```

> Your `pricing-container` element should contain the property `display` and the value `flex`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.pricing-container` selector should have the property `display` and the value `flex`.
```

you are testing specifically for the selector. To test that the element has a certain styling you would need to use `getComputedStyle`

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/getComputedStyle

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-container')?.display, 'flex');
```

Your `pricing-container` element should contain the property `flex-wrap` and the value `wrap`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-container')?.flexWrap, 'wrap');
```

You should have three `div` elements with the class `pricing-card`.

```js
const divEls = document.querySelectorAll('.pricing-card');
assert.lengthOf(divEls, 3);
```

> Your `div` element should contain the class `pricing-card` and the class `basic-plan`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your first `div` element should have the class `pricing-card` and the class `basic-plan`.
```

```js
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-card.basic-plan');

assert.strictEqual(div?.tagName, 'DIV');
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('basic-plan'));

> assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pricing-card'));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
assert.exists(document.querySelector('div.pricing-card.basic-plan'));
```

the element will contain the classes by default considering the selector

```

> Your `div` element should contain the class `pricing-card` and the class `premium-plan`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your second `div` element should have the class `pricing-card` and the class `premium-plan`.
```

```js
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-card.premium-plan');

assert.strictEqual(div?.tagName, 'DIV');

> assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('premium-plan'));

Reviewer 2: this is redundant, you are selecting the element with the class, so this and the line below will be true by default

you may want to get the element using a `div:nth-of-type()` selector for all three tests like this

> assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pricing-card'));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const div = document.querySelector('div:nth-of-type(2)');

assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('premium-plan'));
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pricing-card'));
```

```

Your `div` element should contain the class `pricing-card` and the class `pro-plan`.

```js
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-card.pro-plan');

assert.strictEqual(div?.tagName, 'DIV');
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pro-plan'),);

> assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pricing-card'));

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const div = document.querySelector('div:nth-of-type(3)');

assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pro-plan'),);
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pricing-card'));
```

```

> Your page should have a `pricing-card` selector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should have a `.pricing-card` selector.
```

> Your page should contain a `pricing-card` selector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should have a `.pricing-card` selector.
```

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('.pricing-card'));
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `display` and the value `flex`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.display, 'flex');
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `flex-direction` and the value `column`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.flexDirection, 'column');
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `justify-content` and the value `space-between`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.justifyContent, 'space-between');
```

> Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `flex` and the value `0 0 200px`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `flex` with a value of `0 0 200px`.
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.flex, '0 0 200px');
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `border` and the value `2px solid black`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.border, '2px solid black');
```

Your `basic-plan` element should have the property `order` and the value `0`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.basic-plan')?.order, '0');
```

Your `basic-plan` element should have a `h2` element and the text `Basic`.

```js
const h2 = document.querySelector('.basic-plan>h2');
assert.strictEqual(h2?.textContent, 'Basic');
```

> Your `basic-plan` element should have a `p` element and the text `$9/month`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.basic-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$9/month`.
```

> Your `basic-plan` element should contain a `p` element and the text `$9/month`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.basic-plan` element should contain a `p` element and the text `$9/month`.
```

```js
const p = document.querySelector('.basic-plan>p');
assert.strictEqual(p?.textContent, '$9/month');
```

> Your `pro-plan` element should contain a `h2 element` and the text `pro`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.pro-plan` element should contain a `h2` element that has the text `Pro`.
```

```js
const h2 = document.querySelector('.pro-plan>h2');
assert.strictEqual(h2?.textContent, 'Pro');
```

> Your `pro-plan` element should have a `p` element and the text `$19/month`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.pro-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$19/month`.
```

> Your `pro-plan` element should contain a `p` element and the text `$19/month`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.pro-plan` element should contain a `p` element with the text `$19/month`.
```

```js
const p = document.querySelector('.pro-plan>p');
assert.strictEqual(p?.textContent, '$19/month');
```

> Your `pro-plan` element should be the second element in the layout and have the property `order` and the value `1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.pro-plan` element should have the property `order` with a value of `1`.
```

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pro-plan')?.order, '1');
```

Your `pro-plan` element should be the second element in the layout and have the property `flex-grow` and the value `2`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pro-plan')?.flexGrow, '2');
```

Your `premium-plan` element should have a `h2` element and the text `Premium`.

```js
const h2 = document.querySelector('.premium-plan>h2');
assert.strictEqual(h2?.textContent, 'Premium');
```

> Your `premium-plan` element should have a `p` element and the text `$29/month`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `.premium-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$29/month`.
```

```js
const p = document.querySelector('.premium-plan>p');

> assert.strictEqual(p?.textContent, '$29/month');

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const p = document.querySelector('.premium-plan > p');
assert.strictEqual(p?.textContent.trim(), '$29/month');
```

---
id: 68e45a2b4ab9b2f48b1cc6df
title: Design a Pricing Plans Layout Page
challengeType: 25
dashedName: design-a-pricing-plans-layout-page
demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories**

1. Your page should have a `h1` element with the text `Pricing Plans`.

> 2. Your page should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-container`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Your page should have a `div` element with the class `pricing-container` below the `h1` element.
```

    - The `div` element should have a `display` property with the value of `flex`.

>     - The `div` element should have a `flex-wrap` property with the value of `wrap`.

Reviewer 3: I think these two lines should be replaced by a single user story:
> The `.pricing-container` element should have a `display` property with the value of `flex` and a `flex-wrap` property with the value of `wrap`.

Reviewer 2: those are so granular that are more for hints than user stories

3. Your page should have three `div` elements with the class `pricing-card` to represent the pricing plans.
    - One of your `div` elements should have the class `basic-plan` in addition to the `pricing-card` class.
    - One of your `div` elements should have the class `pro-plan` in addition to the `pricing-card` class.

>     - One of your `div` elements should have the class `premium-plan` in addition to the `pricing-card` class.

Reviewer 3: I would use the class to refer to these:
> One of the `.pricing-card` elements should have the class ...

4. Your `basic-plan` element should have an `h2` element with the text `Basic Plan`.
5. Your `basic-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$9/month`.
6. Your `pro-plan` element should have an `h2` element with the text `Pro Plan`.
7. Your `pro-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$19/month`.
8. Your `premium-plan` element should have an `h2` element with the text `Premium Plan`.
9. Your `premium-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$29/month`.

> 10. Each of your `.pricing-card` elements should use Flexbox to stack its content in a column and justify the space between the children using `space-between`. Each element should also set the `flex` property to `0 0 200px` to give it a consistent width and prevent it from growing or shrinking in the layout. Each element should set the `border` property to `2px solid black` to see how the different cards take up space.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
10. Each of your `.pricing-card` elements should:
   - Use Flexbox to stack its content in a column and justify the space between the children using `space-between`.
   - Set the `flex` property to `0 0 200px` to give it a consistent width and prevent it from growing or shrinking in the layout.
   - Set the `border` property to `2px solid black` to see how the different cards take up space.
```

> 11. The `basic-plan` element should appear first in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
11. The `.basic-plan` element should appear first in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.
```

> 12. The `pro-plan` element should appear second in the layout. You should use the `order` property and set its `flex-grow` property to `2` so it takes up more space than the other plans.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
12. The `.pro-plan` element should appear second in the layout. You should use the `order` property and set its `flex-grow` property to `2` so it takes up more space than the other plans.
```

assert.exists(document.querySelector('h1'));`
```

Your `h1` element should have the text `Pricing Plans`.

```js
const h1 = document.querySelector('h1');
assert.strictEqual(h1?.textContent, 'Pricing Plans');
```

You should have a `div` element below the `h1` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('h1 + div'));
```

Your `div` element should have the class `pricing-container`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('h1 + div.pricing-container'));
```

You should have a `.pricing-container` selector.

```js
assert.exists(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-container'))'
```

Your `pricing-container` selector should have the property `display` with a value of `flex`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-container')?.display, 'flex');
```

Your `.pricing-container` selector should have the property `flex-wrap` with a value of `wrap`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-container')?.flexWrap, 'wrap');
```

You should have three `div` elements with the class `pricing-card`.

```js
const divEls = document.querySelectorAll('.pricing-card');
assert.lengthOf(divEls, 3);
```

> One of your `div` elements should have the class `pricing-card` and the class `basic-plan`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
One of your `.pricing-card` elements should have the class `basic-plan`.
```

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('div.pricing-card.basic-plan'));
```

> One of your `div` elements should have the class `pricing-card` and the class `premium-plan`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
One of your `.pricing-card` elements should have the class `premium-plan`.
```

```js
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-card.pro-plan');

assert.strictEqual(div?.tagName, 'DIV');
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pro-plan'), 'The div contains the pro-plan class');
assert.isTrue(div?.classList.contains('pricing-card'), 'The div contains the pricing-card class');
```

> Your `.pricing-card` element should contain the `display` property and the `flex` value.

Author: I came up with this: 
```js
const div = document.querySelector('.pricing-card');
assert.isOk(div);
const helper = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document);
assert.strictEqual(helper.getStyle('.pricing-card')?.display, 'flex');
```
Is this what you meant? Please advise.

> Your `.pricing-card` element should contain the `display` property and the `flex` value.

Reviewer 2: I meant add a test "You should hacve a `.pricing-card` selector" that check that `new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')` finds the selector

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.display, 'flex');
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `flex-direction` with a value of `column`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.flexDirection, 'column');
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `justify-content` with a value of `space-between`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.justifyContent, 'space-between');
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `flex` with a value of `0 0 200px`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.flex, '0 0 200px');
```

Your `.pricing-card` selector should have the property `border` with a value of `2px solid black`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-card')?.border, '2px solid black');
```

Your `.basic-plan` selector should have the property `order` with a value of `0`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.basic-plan')?.order, '0');
```

> Your `.basic-plan` element should have a `h2` element with the text `Basic`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Your `.basic-plan` element should have an `h2` element with the text `Basic`.
```

```js
const h2 = document.querySelector('.basic-plan > h2');
assert.strictEqual(h2?.textContent.trim(), 'Basic');
```

Your `.basic-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$9/month`.

```js
const p = document.querySelector('.basic-plan > p');
assert.strictEqual(p?.textContent.trim(), '$9/month');
```

> Your `.pro-plan` element should have a `h2` element with the text `Pro`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Your `.pro-plan` element should have an `h2` element with the text `Pro`.
```

```js
const h2 = document.querySelector('.pro-plan > h2');
assert.strictEqual(h2?.textContent.trim(), 'Pro');
```

Your `.pro-plan` element should have a `p` element with the text `$19/month`.

```js
const p = document.querySelector('.pro-plan > p');
assert.strictEqual(p?.textContent.trim(), '$19/month');
```

Your `.pro-plan` element should have the property `order` with a value of `1`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pro-plan')?.order, '1');
```

Your `.pro-plan` element should have the property `flex-grow` with a value of `2`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pro-plan')?.flexGrow, '2');
```

> Your `.premium-plan` element should have a `h2` element with the text `Premium`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Your `.premium-plan` element should have an `h2` element with the text `Premium`.
```

---
id: 68e45a2b4ab9b2f48b1cc6df
title: Design a Pricing Plans Layout Page
challengeType: 25
dashedName: design-a-pricing-plans-layout-page
demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories**

> 1. Your page should have a `h1` element with the text `Pricing Plans`.

Author: Should it not be above `review-css-flexbox` in the `intro.json`?

```js
      "lab-page-of-playing-cards": {
        "title": "Build a Page of Playing Cards",
        "intro": [
          "In this lab, you'll use flexbox to create a webpage of playing cards.",
          "You'll practice aligning elements using flexbox properties like <code>flex-direction</code>, <code>justify-content</code>, <code>align-self</code>, and more."
        ]
      },
      "lab-pricing-plans-layout": {
        "title": "Design a Pricing Plans Layout Page",
        "intro": [
          "In this lab, you'll use flexbox to create a common three-card tier layout.",
          "You'll practice aligning elements using flexbox properties like <code>flex</code>, <code>flex-grow</code>, <code>order</code>, and more."
        ]
      },
      "review-css-flexbox": {
        "title": "CSS Flexbox Review",
        "intro": [
          "Before you're quizzed on CSS flexbox, you should review what you've learned.",
          "Open up this page to review concepts like the <code>flex-direction</code>, <code>justify-content</code>, <code>align-items</code>, <code>flex-wrap</code> properties, and more."
        ]
      },
```      

How about in the `modules` section?
```js
    },
    "modules": {
      "basic-html": "Basic HTML",
      "semantic-html": "Semantic HTML",
      "html-forms-and-tables": "Forms and Tables",
      "html-and-accessibility": "Accessibility",
      "review-html": "HTML Review",
      "computer-basics": "Computer Basics",
      "basic-css": "Basic CSS",
      "design-for-developers": "Design",
      "absolute-and-relative-units": "Absolute and Relative Units",
      "pseudo-classes-and-elements": "Pseudo Classes and Elements",
      "css-colors": "Colors",
      "styling-forms": "Styling Forms",
      "css-box-model": "The Box Model",
      "css-flexbox": "Flexbox",
      "css-typography": "Typography",
      "css-and-accessibility": "Accessibility",
      "attribute-selectors": "Attribute Selectors",
      "css-positioning": "Positioning",
      "responsive-design": "Responsive Design",
      "css-variables": "Variables",
      "css-grid": "Grid",
      "css-animations": "Animations",
      "review-css": "CSS Review",
      "lab-survey-form": "Build a Survey Form",
      "lab-page-of-playing-cards": "Build a Page of Playing Cards",
      "lab-book-inventory-app": "Build a Book Inventory App",
      "lab-technical-documentation-page": "Build a Technical Documentation Page",
      "lab-product-landing-page": "Build a Product Landing Page",
      "responsive-web-design-certification-exam": "Responsive Web Design Certification Exam"
    },
```

    - Set the `border` property to `2px solid black` to see how the different cards take up space.
11. The `.basic-plan` element should appear first in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.
12. The `.pro-plan` element should appear second in the layout. You should use the `order` property and set its `flex-grow` property to `2` so it takes up more space than the other plans.
13. The `.premium-plan` element should come last in the layout. You should use the `order` property for this.

**Note:** Be sure to link your stylesheet in your HTML and apply your CSS.

# --hints--

You should have an `h1` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('h1'));
```

Your page should have an `h1` element with the text `Pricing Plans`.

```js
const h1 = document.querySelector('h1');
assert.strictEqual(h1?.textContent.trim(), 'Pricing Plans');
```

You should have a `div` element below the `h1` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('h1 + div'));
```

Your `div` element should have the class `pricing-container`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('h1 + div.pricing-container'));
```

You should have a `.pricing-container` selector.

```js

> assert.exists(document.querySelector('.pricing-container'));

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
assert.exists(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.pricing-container'));
```
